Relevant: yes, Submission: 37, looking to change careers, what is the most overlooked job in IT? Bonus points for advice on certifications to enter it.
Relevant: no, Submission: Change in career from retail to IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: All my IT friends discourage me (40M) from a career change to IT.
Relevant: no, Submission: is it worth it to learn at 30 years old and change careers?
Relevant: no, Submission: Why do so many people with entry level positions quit and change careers?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Is the "traditional" IT job dead now? You know the ones where there would be a technician working in a Server room with a bunch of server racks around them changing out said server (like Dell PowerEdges or Lenovo ThinkSystems). Seeking career advice if the position still exists.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Does anyone have a remote IT job without a degree and/or with a late start (e.g. career change)?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change Advice: Moving from Accounting to Help Desk IT in My 30s
Relevant: yes, Submission: Navigating a Career Change: From Accounting to IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: Is a career change to cybersecurity worth it after 2023?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Change of career question 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change, maybe in IT
Relevant: no, Submission: How long could I reasonably expect to make a decent living changing careers to IT?
Relevant: no, Submission: Career change from zero to IT in your mid-30s
Relevant: no, Submission: Harsh truth: yes, entry-level IT now pays less than fast food/retail.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Want to change careers into IT with no resume experience or schooling
Relevant: yes, Submission: 84.5K after 1 year and 10 months in IT! Another pseudo mid-life crisis career change story
Relevant: yes, Submission: Are you new to IT? You really should read this.
Relevant: no, Submission: IT career hard truths you don't see enough of...
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change at 33 - What Tech Field Should I Choose?
Relevant: no, Submission: Unhappy with IT. No job gives me fulfillment. I want to transition out badly. Who here has left IT and seen success in other fields?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Entry level job ideas (not necessarily IT related but good for transition) 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Transitioning to IT Jobs with Minimal Experience
Relevant: no, Submission: Nearly 10 months of applying for entry-level help desk jobs with no luck. Does anyone have a list of unskilled labor positions where you can transition into IT from within? Has anyone else done it this way?
Relevant: no, Submission: Can I transition from architecture to an IT job in any way? Have you guys heard of anything like that?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Help deciding between 2 jobs and a transition from Auditing/Accounting into Cybersecurity
Relevant: yes, Submission: What are some alternative paths to transitioning in IT jobs?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Seeking Advice: How to Transition into Tech with A+ Cert and Web Dev Background in a Competitive Job Market?
Relevant: no, Submission: Scored my first help desk job. Big transition, what can I do to make it easier?
Relevant: no, Submission: How many people here plan on being career IT professionals? Or is the plan to go as high as you can.. use the salary from your job as leverage and transition out into other ventures that don’t require a structured 9-5 schedule.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Engineer out of work for 8 years...  transition to IT type job? ADVICE PLS
Relevant: no, Submission: "Thinking About Switching to Reserves/Guard? Share Your Transition Stories and IT Job Challenges"
Relevant: yes, Submission: Will taking a warehouse job now hurt my chances of transitioning to IT once I'm done with college
Relevant: yes, Submission: Transition to IT/ cybersecurity, what job will fit me?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Transitioning from overwhelmed IT job - what could be my next step? (I just want to code)
Relevant: yes, Submission: Would this be a good first job to transition into the industry?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Transitioning careers: Pursuing Remote Web Development with a $50K+ Salary Goal [What are the Top skills for online jobs?]

Relevant: yes, Submission: Difficult Job Search Transitioning out of the Military in InfoSec/Cybersecurity
Relevant: yes, Submission: Seeking Advice on How to Prepare for a Job Transition as a Backend Developer
Relevant: yes, Submission: Hey guys i'm considering transitioning from a non IT job to an IT job, i'm a 2021 C.S graduate i've 2 years of NON IT experience will this experience be considered or will it be considered as a gap?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Update: Nobody seems to want a 59 year old Sys Admin. Advice, Career change ??
Relevant: yes, Submission: Supporting Printing May Make Me Change Careers
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change from the "IT guy" to cloud engineer. 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Nobody seems to want a 59 year old Sys Admin. Advice, Career change ??
Relevant: no, Submission: I hate working from home....there I said it
Relevant: yes, Submission: Demoted from sysadmin to helpdesk due to health problems/burnout, and just had a job offer rescinded due to poor references. Should I just change careers at this point?
Relevant: yes, Submission: SysAdmins over 50, what's your plan? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Anybody here who have changed career path from SysAdmin to developer?
Relevant: no, Submission: RANT: workplace is indirectly asking to decide between family and job
Relevant: no, Submission: 35-year Southwest Airlines pilot: Bean-counter CEO and COO responsible for massive problems after not upgrading 90s technology at the core of the business.
Relevant: no, Submission: Jr Sys Admin surprised me
Relevant: no, Submission: Every time I go job searching, I wonder how I ever made a career out of this field.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change in 30s, IT worth it?
Relevant: no, Submission: Anyone successfully changed career completely out of IT?
Relevant: no, Submission: Anyone else's attitude about IT change while working in IT?
Relevant: yes, Submission: FYI: Microsoft support says if you want to use SharePoint Online for file storage you can't have folder structures that exceed around 60 characters. For example "2020 - Customer1 - State Water Project\Drawings\electrical.pdf" is totally unacceptable and not supported in the SPO platform.
Relevant: no, Submission: Everybody thinks that they can do IT because they’ve used a computer as users
Relevant: no, Submission: First time experiencing an email bomb in my 23 years of doing this job
Relevant: no, Submission: Drastic Career Change
Relevant: no, Submission: Resume Theft and Why it will Hurt you in the Industry
Relevant: yes, Submission: Update: Nobody seems to want a 59 year old Sys Admin. Advice, Career change ??
Relevant: no, Submission: Is Linux system administration dead?
Relevant: no, Submission: I am fucked. Company sold out 5 months into my employment.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Welp, I’m now a sole sysadmin
Relevant: no, Submission: A Dropbox account gave me stomach ulcers
Relevant: no, Submission: I left my company, my previous employer wont take back his domain from me
Relevant: yes, Submission: So 2 weeks notice dropped today..
Relevant: no, Submission: How to turn a 100k a year IT job into a 2 million dollar a year job
Relevant: no, Submission: Giving two weeks is a courtesy
Relevant: no, Submission: Those who have gotten out of IT completely, or at least got out of the technical side, what do you do and how did you do it? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Death of traditional IT path, Infrastructure roles looking for devs?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Passed up for promotion, what do I do now?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Just made the jump to Sysadmin after 1.5 years in help desk. A little nervous
Relevant: no, Submission: Company suddenly shutting down. I’m stunned and need help to snap out of it.
Relevant: no, Submission: Company screwed up over covid with remote hiring: WFH to office drama (out of state move)
Relevant: no, Submission: Outsourced 
Relevant: no, Submission: Work from Home Guilt as a Sysadmin
Relevant: yes, Submission: Possible Job Transition
Relevant: no, Submission: My job transition
Relevant: no, Submission: Mesh wifi in enterprise
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change
Relevant: yes, Submission: 32 years old to old to make a career change into IT?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Got my first cybersecurity interview only 2.5 months into my career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Am I too old for cybersecurity or network career change?  
Relevant: no, Submission: I am a teacher looking to change careers to IT.  Advice on the best education programs and certificates that will take the least amount of time.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Successfully made a career change from ESL to IT! Got an offer today!
Relevant: yes, Submission: How has your career changed since getting the trifecta?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Entry level career change
Relevant: no, Submission: I'm 59 and passed my Server+ exam today. If I can change careers, anyone can.
Relevant: no, Submission: Have others seen a qualitative change in their career since obtaining a certificate?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Passed Net+ today! That makes 8 certifications since April. Changing careers and working my ass off. Thanks to this community, Mike Meyers, Jason Dion and My Computer Career!
Relevant: yes, Submission: I just attempted my network plus for the first time and they scored me 700 while 720 being the minimum requirement. Am a finance graduate and this a career change that I am working on. I don't even know how to react to it.
Relevant: no, Submission: Changing careers
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change to Cybersecurity: Need Advice on Roles and Certifications for a Product Manager Studying Security+
Relevant: yes, Submission: Advice for a Career Change 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Beginner Changing Career 
Relevant: yes, Submission: I did it! I changed career and stepped into IT.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Is it still possible to have an IT career with no college degree im thinking of a career change and want to got the comptia certs to transition to IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change at 38
Relevant: no, Submission: 35M successfully transitioned into my first IT job!! Appreciation post for this sub!
Relevant: yes, Submission: Last year, I wrote how I wiped asses for a living. Now, I work for my state’s Senate as the System Admin. Thanks CompTIA!
Relevant: yes, Submission: How do i prepare for my first SOC analyst job interview (civil engineer transitioning into cybersec field)
Relevant: yes, Submission: Job Transition Advice 
Relevant: yes, Submission: I got a job with no certs and no degree
Relevant: yes, Submission: Would this be a good first job to transition into the industry? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Can a 52-year-old woman starting an A+ course succeed in the IT field?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Keep going if you want it
Relevant: yes, Submission: Answering your Question: "I am in xxxxx job/field, can I make the transition into IT?"
Relevant: no, Submission: Transitioned from a different industry and landed first IT Job!
Relevant: yes, Submission: Rant from an experienced IT pro who passed Security+ 701 on his first try and hated every second of it
Relevant: yes, Submission: Just landed an IT job! Don’t give up
Relevant: yes, Submission: Job secured.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Military for Cyber? Best branch? 
Relevant: no, Submission: Why is it taking me so long to study for security+?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Skills needed to become System Admin … No IT role in the past
Relevant: yes, Submission: Getting into cybersecurity
Relevant: yes, Submission: Passed the A+ this week! Sharing the index and categorized notes I made that helped me clear the test in a couple of weeks.
Relevant: yes, Submission: How can I transition into an IT career with no prior experience while leveraging my government position and top-secret clearance?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Just Passed Security+ and Separated from Active Duty military. What Should My Next Steps Be to Get Into Gov Tech?
Relevant: no, Submission: Help me understand what I'm doing wrong in my IT Career/ questions
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Needing help for a career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change to IT; best place to start?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Help with Resume, I am changing my career from teacher to IT. Recently completed Master's in IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: Changing career to IT. Looking for suggestions
Relevant: yes, Submission: Attempting to make a career change is it too late?
Relevant: yes, Submission: 30 YOA I want to change careers is there still hope for me. Please help
Relevant: yes, Submission: I've successfully made a career change into IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change Advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Need some advice/help making a career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change: Is Cybrary a Good Starting Point for Someone New to IT?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change Advice: IT Paths and Certs
Relevant: no, Submission: Career change, please help.
Relevant: no, Submission: For those that are 50+ and successfully made a career change.
Relevant: yes, Submission: First IT job after applying for 6 months, career change.
Relevant: yes, Submission: career change, new beginnings
Relevant: yes, Submission: Looking for a Career Change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Where to start? Career Change - Marketing / Analytics to IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: If I somehow manage to break into IT, can I use that to transition into my dream job?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Can I realistically get a degree in IT while working a full time job? Does anyone have experience transitioning into the field?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Im an Transition Marine Trying to look for Network Engineering Jobs in the Gaming Community
Relevant: no, Submission: Degrees are they worth the while?
Relevant: no, Submission: Frustration in the helpdesk 
Relevant: yes, Submission: How can I transition into an IT career with no prior experience while leveraging my government position and top-secret clearance?
Relevant: no, Submission: IT Helpdesk Advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Is it possible to bypass Help Desk?
Relevant: yes, Submission: From QA to what?
Relevant: yes, Submission: recommended coursework for programming, coding, concepts, etc
Relevant: yes, Submission: Lost on my next move….
Relevant: yes, Submission: Transitioning into IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: Advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Which Sales force Module has good/best hope for the future
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Transition
Relevant: yes, Submission: Easiest field to get into
Relevant: yes, Submission: Looking for career path advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Trying to transition into IT but not sure when is the right time to do it.
Relevant: no, Submission: Making the Transition from Sales to IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: I've successfully made a career change into IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: So sick of office work. Should I do a career change?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Mid-30s career change... What makes the most money?
Relevant: no, Submission: What were your crazy mid life career changes?
Relevant: no, Submission: What career change did you make, and was it worth it?
Relevant: no, Submission: Making a career change at 28? 
Relevant: no, Submission: What is the most valuable skill that changed your career forver?
Relevant: no, Submission: I find my career extremely boring, but the pay is great and it’s a great career. Would it be a mistake for me to change career? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: I don't wanna be a software engineer anymore, how can I change my career?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Wife has no career or degree, and is unemployed at 40. Nobody will hire her because of a 5 year resume gap (kids), and being at home without a disposable income has worsened her anxiety. What would your advice be?
Relevant: no, Submission: Has anyone changed careers in their 30s? How did you do it and why?
Relevant: no, Submission: How many of you have made a career change after 40?
Relevant: no, Submission: Is it possible or has anyone here made a successful career change at 35+? or just didn't get into a high professional career until well into your 30s or older?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Failed Career Change... How to accept throwing in the towel?
Relevant: no, Submission: What is it like to change careers approaching your 30s? Is it doable
Relevant: no, Submission: If you could go back and change careers, what would you have done and what would your income be? 
Relevant: no, Submission: Is it possible to change careers Later in life?
Relevant: no, Submission: What's stopping you from making that career change you've always wanted to make?
Relevant: no, Submission: What career change have you made that actually worked out? 
Relevant: no, Submission: Whats a good career change for a women that won’t brake my bank?
Relevant: no, Submission: People who changed their whole careers, started completely from scratch in new field in their late 20s, 30s, and so on, how did it work out for you?
Relevant: no, Submission: How do I transition properly out of sex work and into a "real job"?
Relevant: no, Submission: How can I transition to a higher paying job ?
Relevant: no, Submission: 37 y/o with a useless PhD - what do I do with my life?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Im a 25 yr old woman w ADHD looking find a career change, does anyone know of any ADHD friendly careers or transition jobs ?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Jobs that I can transition to out of software development?
Relevant: yes, Submission: I am an electrical engineer and want to transition to the IT field, but many of my friends have suggested that the market situation is not good, so I should wait. Is this true? If it is, how much preparation will I need to secure an entry-level job? I am interested in web development but haven’t sta
Relevant: no, Submission: Did I Make a Mistake Transitioning from a $100k Corporate Job back to an Entry-Level Role?
Relevant: yes, Submission: 37, software engineer with 6 YOE, making 125k/year. I'm burnt out and want to transition into nursing. Am I crazy?
Relevant: no, Submission: What are some great transition jobs for a teacher? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: My wife, a traveling LASIK training person, feels stuck in her six-figure job. How can she grow her role or transition to something else with such specialized skills?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Would I be making a mistake by not accepting this $130K role after months of no interviews?
Relevant: yes, Submission: How do I transition into a stable job without a degree, given my background in entrepreneurship and no prior corporate experience?
Relevant: no, Submission: 21m, what’s a traditional job that won’t die anytime soon?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Any occupational therapists or other rehab or medical staff transition to non clinical job? 
Relevant: no, Submission: How do I transition from a Hospitality job to an Office job?
Relevant: no, Submission: Have you recently switched careers or learned new skills for a job transition?
Relevant: no, Submission: How to transition out of public relations into more fitting + stable job?
Relevant: yes, Submission:  What are the job options when transitioning from HFT Systems Engineering?
Relevant: no, Submission: Just got terminated from my programming Job. Should I transition my career into Video Editing (or some other creative field)?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Teacher in Transition; How to Position for Basic Corporate Job?
Relevant: yes, Submission: How many programs should you have for web development?
Relevant: yes, Submission: QA Tester thinking about the future.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Seeking advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Considering career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: So sick of office work. Should I do a career change?
Relevant: no, Submission: 25M burnt out after an esports career and need to change career
Relevant: yes, Submission: 30 years old, completely lost, feel like a failure after career change. Please someone help me figure out what to do.
Relevant: no, Submission: People who changed their careers at 30+ what was your experience?
Relevant: yes, Submission: I'm almost 30 and I've realized I hate my career path. Is it even still possible to change?
Relevant: no, Submission: What would you do 30yo, no degree and need a career change today in 2024 (not trades)
Relevant: no, Submission: To everyone who feels like they are too old to change careers
Relevant: no, Submission: What 2nd/3red career choices changed your life?
Relevant: no, Submission: I'm 30 years old and desperately in need of a career change out of construction. What are my options?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Going through a mid-life crisis, is it too late to change careers I am 37 and want to go for engineering. Am I a failure?
Relevant: yes, Submission: For people who managed to switch careers later in life - Which online courses or degrees helped you change your job in your 40s?
Relevant: no, Submission: Does anyone else just legitimately hate work?
Relevant: no, Submission: Is it too late for a 23 year old to change careers ? 
Relevant: no, Submission: Any salvaging life after failed career change?
Relevant: no, Submission: Hey, im currently in the trades and we’re looking. For a career change. Which of these degrees you think would be good.
Relevant: no, Submission: 24F , Looking for a career change but completely lost :(
Relevant: yes, Submission: I'm (27F) miserable in a job that I got a Masters degree to do. Is it worth it to change careers? 
Relevant: no, Submission: 24M, recently graduated but I want to change my career completely
Relevant: no, Submission: Failed Career Change... How to accept throwing in the towel.
Relevant: no, Submission: Anyone here, one day, just said -"Screw this!" and instead of going to work, started doing something different which totally changed your career and Life?
Relevant: no, Submission: Feeling stuck. How to transition out of public relations into more fitting + stable job?

Relevant: no, Submission: Transition to a new job
Relevant: no, Submission: Should I Apply for a Banking Job Now and Transition to a Government Job Later?
Relevant: no, Submission: I want to smoothly transition out of my family business job. (F, 20+)
Relevant: yes, Submission: How to transition to a high paying job with a biology degree?
Relevant: no, Submission: Has anyone transited from a corporate job to another job? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: How do I transition from dead end jobs to fulfilling career?
Relevant: no, Submission: What jobs can I transition to from being a teacher without extra school in your certifications?
Relevant: no, Submission: I'm a self-taught software engineer who makes $160k after one year on the job. AMA
Relevant: no, Submission: Transitioning from Kinesiology to Remote Work: Seeking Advice on Landing a Remote Job with Marketing and Travel Passions
Relevant: no, Submission: Is there a degree that has a lot of job security that isn’t healthcare? 
Relevant: no, Submission: Can I transition from a call center into an office job?
Relevant: no, Submission: Cook looking to transition to a government office job but lacks an education
Relevant: yes, Submission: Is anybody familiar with supply chain/logistics type jobs that I could transition into?
Relevant: no, Submission: What do you do when your entire life is a failure?
Relevant: no, Submission: 34, living paycheck to paycheck, burnt out, losing hope
Relevant: no, Submission: Key differences between a job you like vs a job you don't. Put in the effort to make a transition!
Relevant: no, Submission: Ruined my career, 31F.
Relevant: yes, Submission: People who changed their careers at 30+ what was your experience?
Relevant: yes, Submission: BS in Geology, 1 year Laboratory exp, few months IT exp: How can I transition outside of Geology to 9-5 Office/Lab jobs. What jobs out there will take me?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change from zero to IT in your mid-30s
Relevant: yes, Submission: Which is better? IBM datastage or Sailpoint, looking for a career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Changing career into IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: I want to change my career path but I need help 
Relevant: no, Submission: Interested in a career change... Recommendations wanted!
Relevant: yes, Submission: Considering AWS Cloud Institute for late career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Considering a career change in IT.
Relevant: yes, Submission: How to prepare for a career in IT cybersecurity (career change)?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Need help with career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change Advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Changing Career Fields and Advice for my Interest in working in IT.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Want to make a career change, but to what?
Relevant: no, Submission: Career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Change of career, Advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: What should I focus on for career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Looking to change career path.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Possible career change
Relevant: no, Submission: Career change to IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change: Is Cybrary a Good Starting Point for Someone New to IT?
Relevant: no, Submission: It finally happened to me.
Relevant: yes, Submission: The Rise and Fall of My Career in Refurbishing Computers
Relevant: yes, Submission: What questions should I be asking?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Cybersecurity/IT advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Which is better? IBM datastage or Sailpoint, looking for a career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Getting Started 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Service Desk doing too much? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Need some career advice.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Switching Careers from Camera Operating to IT: My Journey and Concerns
Relevant: yes, Submission: Seeking Advice on Transitioning from Telecom (RAN Engineer) to IT (Cloud Roles) - Need Guidance!
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career advancement 
Relevant: no, Submission: Experiences with technical writer positions?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Do I apply now with Secret Clearance, or wait until I have certs?
Relevant: no, Submission: Resume help!!
Relevant: yes, Submission: Considering a switch from CS to IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Path Suggestions?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Service Industry to IT Support Advice!
Relevant: yes, Submission: Lost in my IT Career
Relevant: yes, Submission: Have 3 months left at my Job. What should I do?
Relevant: no, Submission: Looking to get into IT, but have some questions…
Relevant: no, Submission: The job market only seems to be getting worse. Is anyone planning a career change? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Devs, both survivors and the impacted, how have the recent layoffs changed your perception of the industry and career plans, if at all?
Relevant: yes, Submission: I’m a 28 year old medical doctor and I’m interested in changing careers to CS or tech in general. I have some IT knowledge but pretty much zero coding experience. How would you consider my prospects of switching to CS?
Relevant: no, Submission: I'm going to say what needs to be said. Some don't want to hear it. If you can't find a job, consider leaving the field. If you are a college student, consider changing majors.
Relevant: no, Submission: What certification changed your life/career trajectory in a major way?
Relevant: no, Submission: If you had to restart your career all over again, what would you change?
Relevant: no, Submission: I'm planning to trash my Software Development career after 7 years. Here's why:
Relevant: yes, Submission: For people who weren't driven/studious early in their career and college - but now work in big tech or equivalent: What was your career progression like and what changed?
Relevant: no, Submission: Meta fires staff for 'using free meal vouchers to buy household goods'
Relevant: yes, Submission: 38 and changing career
Relevant: no, Submission: Career change?
Relevant: no, Submission: Is the tech job market broken or what?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Any experienced SWE recommend top 3 learning resources for a career change?
Relevant: yes, Submission: What do I need for a career change to programming? 
Relevant: no, Submission: Questions about unsatisfying job and career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Feeling forced to change careers?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Is a career change worth it?
Relevant: no, Submission: Feeling like I wasted 4 years of my life
Relevant: yes, Submission: Advice for a Registered Nurse looking to make a career change.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change into Tech?
Relevant: no, Submission: WSJ - Tech jobs are gone and not coming back. 
Relevant: yes, Submission: What other jobs could I transition into with a software dev background?
Relevant: yes, Submission: My employer is offering me a 65% raise and a bonus in the next pay cycle if I rescind my 2 weeks notice.
Relevant: no, Submission: Which job market is currently strongest and will stay that way in the future? Should I transition into ML?
Relevant: no, Submission: The higher you climb, the harder you fall
Relevant: no, Submission: I went to the office for the first time. I fucking hated it.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Laid off, need help deciding where to go from here and my options on transitioning into other CS jobs
Relevant: yes, Submission: transitioning away from an "easy" job
Relevant: no, Submission: What are different careers/jobs I can transition to from being a Financial Analyst?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Transitioning from IT to something with more programming - what jobs to look for?
Relevant: no, Submission: I am an American with an MSc. in CS working for a company in the Netherlands. Here are some of the biggest differences I've noticed so far.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Why do ppl lie about YOE here??
Relevant: yes., Submission: Transitioned into CS.. now can't get an entry level job
Relevant: no, Submission: Addressing the whole "AI will replace us" concern
Relevant: yes, Submission: I don't think I'm fit for software engineering.
Relevant: no, Submission: Still job hunting after 48 months, 9yoe - starting to feel 'discouraged'
Relevant: no, Submission: Company looked up my current pay for base my offer instead of job posting.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Assistance with transitioning into jobs focused on accessibility for disabled individuals 
Relevant: no, Submission: Any US developers here that moved to Canada for a new job? How tough was the transition?
Relevant: no, Submission: How to transition to searching for low-skill/temp/part-time jobs? (SWE job search isn't looking good)
Relevant: no, Submission: Over your career, how did your opinions about compensation change?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Likely changing careers; scrum has killed all enjoyment at work
Relevant: yes, Submission: Does changing specialisation doom your future career?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Drunk Post: Things I've learned as a Sr Engineer
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career ideas for helping address climate change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Are more developers burning out? Or am I just seeing things.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change to Management 
Relevant: yes, Submission: How to make a career change as an experienced dev?
Relevant: yes, Submission: How does one make a career change into other programming fields
Relevant: no, Submission: Do you care about whether the company aligns with your ethics? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Why does the "don't give a fuck" attitude hurt some peoples' careers, but have no adverse effect on others?
Relevant: yes, Submission: How do you know when you must make a team vs. company vs. career change?
Relevant: yes, Submission: I've been changing jobs regularly but I still feel like I haven't progressed much in my career
Relevant: yes, Submission: The tech industry currently favors specialized engineers over generalists.
Relevant: no, Submission: Did you change your language preference/career based on learning resources?
Relevant: yes, Submission: On becoming a "principal engineer"
Relevant: yes, Submission: Left my job after a year because of fundamental disagreement with leadership. How do I talk about this in interviews?
Relevant: yes, Submission: How do you deal with constant upskilling and burnout?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Need input on potential career change from IC to EM
Relevant: yes, Submission: Git branch ownership disagreements
Relevant: yes, Submission: [Update: Job Found] Am I screwed? ...transitional career bumps
Relevant: yes, Submission: What lower-stress, less technical jobs can a software developer reasonably transition to?
Relevant: no, Submission: Suffering major DGAF syndrome…could use some perspective 
Relevant: yes, Submission: How do you transition into the new job as an experienced dev?
Relevant: no, Submission: Another job search data point during a very cold job market
Relevant: yes, Submission: How do you feel about a less-technical EM?
Relevant: yes, Submission: What times were the craziest learning curve for you, industry wise?
Relevant: yes, Submission: To those that transitioned from working remotely back to corporate on-site job, any advice to make that transition go more smoothly?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Starting at a new company soon after 10 years at latest company
Relevant: no, Submission: Is developer productivity engineering a dead end role (for me)?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Just got laid off, 12 years experience in dated FE stack. Options other than starting over?
Relevant: no, Submission: First senior SWE role at a startup. I've become the guy everyone comes to for help and I don't know how to handle it.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Am I screwed? Curious if other experienced devs have gone through the same transitional career bumps
Relevant: yes, Submission: Experienced dev looking at leaving FAANG and starting own company
Relevant: no, Submission: My new manager knows about my eventual plan to move, how screwed am I?
Relevant: yes, Submission: I am a director of engineering at a small, intense series A startup. I want to step back to an IC role. How to do it properly?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Ex-devs who switched to a more people-focused role: how did you do it? What steps did you take and what did the transition look like?
Relevant: yes, Submission: How many transitioned to game development?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Are we hiring the wrong QA people? Am I wrong about QA?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Java vs GoLang 
Relevant: no, Submission: Change to IT Career Testimonials
Relevant: no, Submission: Starting an IT career is a dilemma; many people search all over the internet to figure out where to start
Relevant: yes, Submission: Free 1000 Coupons for Network and Systems Administration Core Skills
Relevant: yes, Submission: Falling Back on Past Experience
Relevant: yes, Submission: I am now CompTIA network + certified, also going for the MCITP
Relevant: yes, Submission: This training Help Desk Support Specialist gives me courage
Relevant: yes, Submission: Start Your IT Support Career | No Certifications or Degree Required | Information
Relevant: yes, Submission: Success Stories: From Various Backgrounds to Top IT Roles in No Time
Relevant: yes, Submission: I am transitioning from the financial industry to IT
Relevant: no, Submission: Employee screwed me. Looking to change careers.
Relevant: no, Submission: Started new job already and just informed I failed my drug test
Relevant: yes, Submission: Forced Career Change at 60yrs Old
Relevant: yes, Submission: I’m thinking of changing careers in my 30’s and I’m honestly kind of scared…
Relevant: no, Submission: Should I change careers for a $20k decrease?
Relevant: no, Submission: Have you ever “skipped” a level in your career/income? What did you do/change to accomplish it?
Relevant: no, Submission: Mid 40s and I just feel lost. Has anyone done a career change at this age? How? 
Relevant: no, Submission: Why do I want to change my career at the age 51?
Relevant: no, Submission: I took a career break and it changed my life!
Relevant: no, Submission: Mid life career change. Advice needed
Relevant: no, Submission: Lost in my career before it even started and want to change 
Relevant: no, Submission: Layoff in this market. Career change?
Relevant: no, Submission: I'm looking to change careers, does this job seem unreasonable? 
Relevant: no, Submission: A bit of an unconventional post maybe, but I'm considering a career change. Those of you who switched from a high-ish paying, comfortable job to a lower pay, constrained job, do you regret it ?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change Advice
Relevant: no, Submission: 37 y/o F, career change limbo
Relevant: no, Submission: Advice for 3rd career change while starting a family?
Relevant: yes, Submission: I am missing human connection and directly helping humans in my Software Engineering Job. Looking for a career change.
Relevant: no., Submission:  Career change: is it worth it?
Relevant: no, Submission: Advice Needed - Career Change 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Jobs that I can transition to out of software development?
Relevant: no, Submission: Nonprofit Job Transition
Relevant: yes, Submission: How do I transition into a stable job without a degree, given my background in entrepreneurship and no prior corporate experience?
Relevant: yes, Submission: What are different jobs/careers/industries I can transition to from being a Financial Analyst?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Struggling to Transition Careers: What Jobs Would Value My Skills as a Buyer/Reseller?
Relevant: no, Submission: Career transition and job search troubles 
Relevant: no, Submission: Recent Grad-How Can I Transition from a Job I Hate to a Career in Sports?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Need a temp job to do while transitioning from grocery clerk to IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Transition to Cloud and AWS: Potential Salary and Landing a Job.

Relevant: yes, Submission: [Canada] Seems like junior jobs are running dry in Software Engineering. Can I transition into Product management with a few courses ?
Relevant: yes, Submission: What job role to transition to in IT ?
Relevant: no, Submission: Transitioning jobs - any tips?
Relevant: no, Submission: Career transition in late 20s. Returned to school, what jobs should I be pursuing?
Relevant: no, Submission: Burned out from a toxic company, should I up and quit and take a break or transition to another job?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Advice for Job Transitioning
Relevant: yes, Submission: Failed career transition, what job would you choose? 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Help with transition job title? Wanting to transition into Web Development. 
Relevant: no, Submission: Advice for Transitioning out of a Holdover Marketing Job? (24M)
Relevant: no, Submission: Job transition - insights/advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Transitioning careers: Pursuing Remote Web Development with a $50K+ Salary Goal [What are the Top skills for online jobs?]

Relevant: no, Submission: Looking for guidance on a potential career change. 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Change Career
Relevant: yes, Submission: considering career change and starting a new IT support company - need feedback
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Guidance [USA] - Job Change after 5% raise?
Relevant: no, Submission: Career change graduate degree advice.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Looking to change careers, need help deciding what to chose.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Please advise on my career path. Should I take the offer?
Relevant: no, Submission: Passed A+!
Relevant: no, Submission: Yes, your work can see what you do on their computer, and other questions [READ FIRST]
Relevant: yes, Submission: IT Services vs Network Systems Specialist
Relevant: yes, Submission: I want to pursue a career in IT. What degree should I get?
Relevant: no, Submission: Can I get back into IT (Find a job) after 5 years not working?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Which Entry Level Certs for IT Support Apprenticeships?
Relevant: no, Submission: Questions and considerations for IT internship interview
Relevant: yes, Submission: How do I get into IT?
Relevant: yes, Submission: The moment I truly felt like IT
Relevant: yes, Submission: Where to go next with my career
Relevant: yes, Submission: Curious as to career path
Relevant: yes, Submission: Job title s to search for
Relevant: yes, Submission: I'm a freelance IT consultant interested in moving to a full-time position, looking for advice.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Please advise on my career path. Should I take the offer?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Admin and non-admin accounts for IT techs - Can it work (well)?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Want to transition to IT, advice?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Is it hard to transition from a Microsoft ecosystem to a Apple ecosystem?
Relevant: no, Submission: School or Certifications for someone who is a beginner?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Looking for a bit of guidance.
Relevant: yes, Submission: IT Management Is Not A Promotion - It's a Career Change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Question about changing career to product owner
Relevant: no, Submission: IT and user trust - discussion
Relevant: no, Submission: Is it like this everywhere?
Relevant: yes, Submission: From stagnant Sysadmin to IT Director at a company in chaos?
Relevant: no, Submission: Where is your go to for management/leadership development?
Relevant: no, Submission: Should I say no to this promotion? Advice please
Relevant: yes, Submission: Round Robin vs. Free for All
Relevant: no, Submission: Is that grass always greener?
Relevant: yes, Submission: What is a good salary for my role.
Relevant: no, Submission: The Six Kinds of IT People
Relevant: yes, Submission: How to break into management?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Looking for Opinions on my situation.
Relevant: yes, Submission: What kind of raise to expect going from project to program manager
Relevant: no, Submission: Interview Questions
Relevant: no, Submission: What makes a director a director?
Relevant: no, Submission: Title progression
Relevant: yes, Submission: Getting to management from SW dev
Relevant: no, Submission: Changes to management approach
Relevant: no, Submission: Ideal IT team configuration
Relevant: yes, Submission: Chance to become an IT manager with less than a year experience as a female
Relevant: yes, Submission: From stagnant Sysadmin to IT Director at a company in chaos?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Moving out of IT Managership, for better pay and benefits
Relevant: no, Submission: Resume Help - T Manager 50 Job Applications In And Nothing...
Relevant: no, Submission: Looking for job search advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Feeling Lost in My New IT Manager Role 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Engineer to Manager
Relevant: yes, Submission: Seeking advice: transitioning to infrastructure cost analysis role as a non-technical candidate
Relevant: yes, Submission: Seeking Advice for Transitioning from Tech Roles to IT Leadership
Relevant: yes, Submission: PMO to IT Managment
Relevant: no, Submission: Anyone else hit a weird transition period between being engaged with users all day long and switching to project work?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Need y'all's opinion...
Relevant: yes, Submission: Transition from Project Manager to Tech Manager Not Going Well?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Military Officer to IT Manager - Advice/Thoughts?
Relevant: yes, Submission: office 365, exchange, hybrid environment 
Relevant: no, Submission: Will you fight for WFH?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Transitioning from Middleware Team to Manager role
Relevant: yes, Submission: Most effective way to transition to a new employer
Relevant: no, Submission: What makes a director a director?
Relevant: no., Submission: How to work with modern worker
Relevant: yes, Submission: How Did the CCNA Change Your Career?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Preparing for a career change 
Relevant: no, Submission: Career Change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career Change Advice: Should I say in current role or look for entry level?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change with CCNA
Relevant: yes, Submission: Just pased my CCNA exam at 39 years old. Ready for a career change.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Potential career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Thinking of a career change.
Relevant: yes, Submission: military looking for a career change 
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change to Networking
Relevant: yes, Submission: Pondering on my future. Currently taking ccna course (and exam) for a career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Looking for a career change
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change question
Relevant: yes, Submission: Career change advice to IT/Networking and what path to follow
Relevant: yes, Submission: CCNA or Masters degree (career change)
Relevant: yes, Submission: At age 53, is it worth it to pursue a CCNA?
Relevant: yes, Submission: CCNA to change careers.
Relevant: yes, Submission: ADVICE Career change to IT 0 experience
Relevant: yes, Submission: Planning a career change. Recommendations needed
Relevant: yes, Submission: Looking to make a career change, need advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: Struggling to Transition from Security Guard to IT related job.
Relevant: yes, Submission: Do my current entry level job as database administrator, learning management system(LMS) administrator allow me to transition well in network career or is it too far off?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Can my job transition to a Jr Network Engineering/Admin role?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Can my current job transition to Jr. Network Engineer/admin?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Calling all CCNA earners who have a relevant job now
Relevant: yes, Submission: A+ or CCNA for Moving Toward a Networking/Security Role in the UK? Advice Needed
Relevant: yes, Submission: How to become a Network Engineer
Relevant: yes, Submission: Will it matter that I have an A.A. in Mathematics rather than a specialized A.S. in IT/Computation when I go to apply for my first role?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Anyone become a network engineer after getting their CCNA?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Advice!!
Relevant: yes, Submission: 70% through Jeremy's CCNA course, hoping to write the exam in early spring. Looking for advice
Relevant: yes, Submission: I Regularly Interview Network Engineers & Admins (AMA)
Relevant: no, Submission: What has your career progression been like since you passed your CCNA? (UK only answers)
Relevant: yes, Submission: looking to transition, how feasible is it?
Relevant: yes, Submission: Want to transition from data engineering to Networking.
Relevant: yes, Submission: From Software to Networking (currently have an entry level tech job)
Relevant: yes, Submission: Need some advice - Entering CyberSecurity
Relevant: yes, Submission: Help with jobs
Relevant: yes, Submission: With time being the biggest factor tbh, should CCNA be my first cert?
Relevant: no, Submission: Is my path to obtaining my CCNA correct?
